# Frank Luchts Blog

Das sind die Jekyll Sourcen und Posts für meinen Blog.


# Lizenz

Die folgenden Verzeichnisse und Dateien unterliegen dem Urheberrecht von Frank Lucht und dürfen ohne Zustimmung von mir nicht verwendet werden:

_posts
_includes/piwik.html 

piwik.html benutzt als Enpunkt analytics.digigoodz.de. Dieser Teil darf von dir nicht beutzt werden und muß entsprechend angepast werden.


Alle anderen Verzeichnisse und Dateien unterliegen der MIT Lizenz:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Frank Lucht

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


# English: Frank Luchts Blog
These are the Jekyll sources and posts for my blog.

# License
The following directories and files are Copyright Frank Lucht. You may not use these files without my permission.

_posts
_includes/piwik.html 

piwik.html uses analytics.digigoodz.de as endpoint. This part may not be used and has to be changed for your purpose.

All other directories and files are licensed under the MIT License:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Frank Lucht

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.